JP-3225: Gaia proper motions enabled (#7614)
spacetelescope/jwst: docs/jwst/tweakreg/README.rst

an astrometric reference catalog then gets generated by querying
a GAIA-based astrometric catalog web service for all astrometrically
measured sources in the combined field-of-view of the set of input
images. This catalog is generated from the catalogs available
through the GSSS STScI web services at `GSSSCATALOGS`_ and accounts for proper 

> motion given an epoch; defaults to 2016.0, or no proper motion correction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
motion to a given epoch. The default epoch is 2016.0, which results in no proper motion correction.
```

Reviewer: Hmmm, OK, now that I've read through the rest of the code updates (below) I see that epoch is not a user-level param, but rather gets computed from the meta data of the image being processed. So this description in the docs should be expanded to indicate that's what happens, i.e. the reference epoch is automatically derived from meta data of the image and hence the user doesn't need to know about the default 2016 value.

> motion to a given epoch. The default epoch is 2016.0, which results in no proper motion correction.

Reviewer: Given that the epoch argument is not exposed at the user level, and hence is not settable by the user (at least if they're just running the top-level tweakreg step), I would rephrase this second sentence to:
"The epoch is automatically computed from observation date and time of the input data. If for any reason the epoch cannot be computed from the meta data, it defaults to 2016.0, which results in no proper motion correction."

> through the GSSS STScI web services at `GSSSCATALOGS`_ and accounts for proper 
> motion to a given epoch. The default epoch is 2016.0, which results in no proper motion correction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
through the GSSS STScI web services at `GSSSCATALOGS`_ and has the ability to account
for proper motion to a given epoch. The epoch is computed from the observation date and time
of the input data. If for any reason the epoch cannot be computed from the data, it defaults to 2016.0,
which results in no proper motion correction.
```
